family Good afternoon how are you
sorry I had to
interrupt the previous broadcast but I was feeling
a bit unwell And so we're
working things out here you have the
live stream back today I'm in super good
company because apart from being
with me our colleague Marina Esnal
Well I have an icon of television and the
celebrity press like Lidia Lozano I
told her privately But I'll
tell you again here Lidia I'm
delighted to meet you and we've been
here on YouTube for a long time
dedicating ourselves to the heart to gossip and
gossip and for me it's an honor to have you
here thank you very much one
I'm delighted to be with you
with Javier and Marina who I've known
for a long time well I'm still well
how long have I been in this Of course you're
45 years old and I'm eight my goodness all I have
left to get to where
you've gotten to let's see if I can hold out eh because in
this profession you know that you have
ups and downs moments that make you rethink
everything a bit I feel sorry for you Marina
but
what you're going through now is not what
I've gone through or so  Now there have been
many changes,
eh, before you used to call the person
directly and now you don't, now to
call a famous person
you have to go through WhatsApp first,
then they don't answer you, then you have to
go to the manager and then they tell you how much, how
much do you ask for? Before, no, before you used to call
a Concha Velasco, eh, Lola Flores, someone,
and she would say, girl, come eat at our
house, and that's how it was, and that's how it was, and they did
n't charge, it was, they didn't charge. The other
day they asked Marina for 40,000, a
fling of Pantoja's from when she was young
and he asked her for 40,000 to tell us something, do you
remember Osvaldo Ríos, man, of course, he
asked me for 40,000 to tell me about his
affair with Pantoja, Lidia, I was sorry,
now, now, and for a YouTube channel, I'm
not going to
give in. Eh, we couldn't, it couldn't, of course,
a YouTube channel that asks you for
money is not in the loop. Well,
of course, maybe they could ask for something, but
40,000, I don't know, eh  40,000 I think it's
gone you know what happens is that today in Oy in
money you hear, well 100,000 has been paid
to Ángel Cristo and of course people say
well I want the same so
Ángel Cristo is not the same as an Osvaldo, I mean it
has nothing to do with each other no matter how
much he says what he's going to say that he
gave him kisses and I don't know it's like if it
had been I don't know Pedro Ruiz who
combed Cantudo's hair before going to
sleep 100 times well that would be worth
money now but I'm
telling you for free I mean it doesn't matter
but for example I'm thinking right now
and I say honestly eh what
could money be worth now because
also with the way the magazines are and
the drop they've hit I don't know if it
occurs to me that Terelu for example has
a new boyfriend or or it's that I mean I don't know
what could be worth the most right now
in Spain a testimony from Isabel
Pantoja because of course things have been
changing so much the great glories
go to us  leaving and the characters of now
the majority have neither trade nor
benefit I tell you one thing I would
pay a lot for an interview with Isabel Pantoja now but
without censorship not a lot you know what
happens everyone says there's an
interview to see what she says about her daughter let's
see what I would never
believe it never Why I mean whatever she
says I'm not going to believe it's Pantoja
because she's lied a lot Ah then it
would be giving us a game that
you die and you and then we would
say it's true it's not true But the thing is that
I don't believe it It's that she's lied so
much she's used
journalists so much she's used Chelo
García Cortés so much she used Raquel boyo
so that she would go out and tell me what
but of course it's not good for her that her
daughter goes to speak
No I don't believe it Never tell or don't
tell now I would pay to have that
cover of Pantoja and for and because she
told me to wait a moment eh wait I'm
going to solve the problem if
the guest wants to come on Hey but
this live show is a bit bumpy no marina
always good it's bumpy but then he
has
his we've solved we've solved It's already solved Let's
see,
his master arrives and wants to participate he wants to
participate his master is
Charlie it's Charlie who's entering
yes Ah okay but Charlie is not going to
participate and there are not 100000 to pay him that's why
I'm in love with him you don't
talk about him in the book no Yes of course because let's
see he's part of my life and when I
started with Charlie and I tell it in the
book Well he knew many
more famous people than me and he would say to me let's go to the house
to have dinner at the house of imagine Cristobal
Marti Bordiu and José Toledo and I and I would
say my God H yer I stood
guard for them And then I would say you're a
librarian okay eh that famous people don't
read so Well then nothing I always
said that I was a
librarian nobody asked me In what
section of the national library
were you and I would say and if they ask me this
well you say in scrolls in
Egyptology of course there
nobody asked me but there are times that I would
say my God yesterday I had dinner at the house of this
famous person and tomorrow I have to do it  a
Guard and she told me char go disguised
and I'm like it's not like now now everyone stands
at the door And such But
a big daddy is the one who doesn't appear on
television
or is
recognized I see many of them on television I
say but please but what is this what is
this some good stolen photos
you never have to see the character that's why they
made the
What are they called the cameras of 300
of 1000 such And of course you saw them all
taking the photos and I Well
controlling the car Hey but you count
in your book well you count in your book no
me when I started it as soon as I
started when you tell your father that
you want to be a journalist and the thing is that I was
stiff with his initial reaction
that then in context it is understood
cles that let's see my parents have never been
my people I mean let's see my brother
professor my sister
eh lawyer and then well worked at the
INS and I I mean they weren't those families
that don't know about life they had traveled
they went from the Canary Islands they came from the Canary Islands to
Madrid from Madrid to such but of course it's that
I  I think it's very well documented at
the time my father told me
so being a journalist was like a
world where there were almost no women and
so it was like well and how are you going to
access this position and then Well
at that time working in journalism
was like Well who have you
hooked up with that you've gotten to this but I didn't
want on the contrary I didn't want to
leave my father as if he were
a man who hasn't lived but it was
the time
and or rather in the book you review I mean I don't know
if after reading everything You feel like
there's something you've left to
tell well he's left something No that book
is unread super read crossed out and crossed out
and I have everything crossed out behind this one of this one of
this phone that's
connecting with you there I
have it all but believe Laona's revenge
was not a revenge on the people or who have
hurt me or that I have met, she could have
put down a lot of famous people
but I was the revenge of the people who
believe that I didn't have a career
before and that I was look There's
the chuminero crying again Oh what a
nightmare no I believe that in  the book
shows that I have a pretty
extensive career and that I have enjoyed it a lot and
of course I have worked with the
best presenters in this country but there
is a possibility of a second part
So no m I don't know I'm going for the
second edition I don't know for the second
Ed write a book to make
people green It's that it's very ugly it's very ugly
you prefer to do it in a small committee
to vent about X situations or X
people in a small committee no so that no that
all my friends know Who I
make green Yes let's see we can even
those who don't have
dinner it's not that I'm playing
diplomat or I mean everything that
I put about Paz Padilla this
weekend in a pod has come out Well, well, well, I
still think the same thing I think I didn't
like it at all when Paz Padilla went
to a program Emma García's to say
that she didn't want to know anything about those from
Sálvame man I don't know it's that the people
who fed you I could never see
a boss of mine I mean in life I am
very grateful and I have always liked to
leave through the front door  without I have had to
leave which by the way I have never
left anywhere but they removed
Sálvame And well then I had to leave through
the turnstiles for you that meant the
Sálvame issue I understand because you have always
recognized and for me it is not bad at all I mean quite
the contrary you like
the world of television besides you are worth
it in a program in which you are
more or less four times a week that
suddenly they make you vum that means on a
psychological and emotional level is that it
was not only Sálvame it was also the
deluxe of course In fact you put
forward that for me the deluxe was magical I
mean because of course now we have a
program on Fridays that are made with
a lot of money so I was like a
journalist that I do not care about I mean
doing an exclusive paying does not
have as much merit as doing an
exclusive not paying I mean to me Lola
Flores told me that the Treasury had caught her
and no I do not get paid a penny eh For
me that is a huge exclusive or giving away
a pregnancy without the person
who is pregnant finding out that you are going to give it
but the exclusives  charging I
take away a little bit of credit from them
ent Me too, me when Yes yes of course
then Well now they
make a program eh that pays a
lot of money I think that the delux was
a program that was made with very little
money it had big eh protagonists
in the first Syria and then the
pure and hard fun appeared Which was when
people at home came from dinner to have
a drink and they said How cool is Leticia
Sabater Uy I'm staying Uy where is
Chiqui dressed up isn't she a nurse what do you think about
What would you blame her for The burden of
closing Sálvame For what
reason man there are many many reasons
Well the new CEO who
came
eh There are many I think it was a bit of
politics
eh there was everything but I think it was to see there is no I mean it's
a prize to
say my God eh we were already
at a point where everyone was putting us to
death everyone two years
ago and I'm not going to say
that Sorry I was going to tell you do you think it had to do with that
if I don't know things that are  they did on the
show but it's the only
show I've ever left Look, I
left Tombola, I left by your
side because it was ending, been many
Well look, we miss you but to
do it now as if we were
eh save me Because I say so Even if they
forbid me that
Fu they forbid us save me But what is this
The dictatorship I keep talking about save me
that they file a lawsuit against me I don't care I've
been 14 years of my life in Lu and in
save me So when people see that they
really still follow you Oh u that's it
but because save me save me was already
a social phenomenon a mass phenomenon
that the collaborators themselves other
but we left Marina when people were
giving us a hard time I never thought because
when it ended by your side today look how much we miss each other
salsa Rosa a
lot of shows but you
leaving and suddenly Oy how wonderful I
already know what to do from four to eight I
still haven't no no no no I still miss
the tomato when the tomato ran out I did
n't know what to do with my life
save me four to five I mean I didn't know
what to do with my life that tomato with
Carmen Alcaide and and Jorge Javier that was
when they started to give a little
wax to the to the protagonists of the
news the heart Well I said Jo but
And now what do I do without the tomato was the
most fun in the world I don't understand
why And then those old programs come along,
very
old they renew them again no but
Lidia listen to me Now I understand you I understand that
but don't you think that on some occasions
some red lines have been crossed
that could have taken their toll or
rather the limits of Well I don't know that I don't know
what red line you're talking about but saying on
television that Barbara Rey gave him a
bottle of Orfidales we're at the end
a red purple gray line do you understand
when suddenly he said that we weren't
family now the program
is my mother What did she do for me nothing I would
title it Yes the one on Friday enes and that I do
n't it's that now it's all the time Look the
other day I remember that stopped at
mañaneros he told me something like this  like well
this girl yap she goes for money and such And I
told her So if you don't believe it what do we
do with Ángel Cristo that is that I
do nothing but point out what
this boy has earned since he has a bad
character and in addition Ángel Cristo has dosed
a lot when and how the material
that he has been telling that is Ortencia that
is Ortensia well yes well also of course
that Ortensia because I know
Ángel Cristo very well he called me he told me that he
wanted to do this When I was in Sálvame
and I told him don't think what
your mother has done for you when you had that
problem and this problem and this problem
So when I remember when he
made the series Bárbara There was his
son supporting him Yes it is that this is that
I saw him in the photocall for
Chelo García Cortés' book and there was the son
then there he hadn't put
orfidales in his bottle don't have trauma ent I do
n't know if he makes a series saying that
Ángel Cristo mistreated her that is
totally contrasted and said by
Manolo Carrero who was there when he saw
the gun or rather it is  that there are a lot of
things that you say eh So your mother your
mother who paid for your schools in
England in such a place in such a place
was not a good mother what are you telling me And
then why did you take your daughter and
your wife to Mar Bella she was not a good grandmother she
was not a good mother then it seems
so ridiculous to me Lidia you know what I
would love to see let's see what
you think eh As a professional of the heart Okay
and and that you know what moves and what doesn't
move and what provides content and such okay
like the docuseries by Rocío Carrasco but
about Jesulín it
is a bit of a fantasy eh I mean a Let's see it is
a bit of a fantasy I don't think it will happen but
imagine I think that docuseries
have to tell the truth, for
example the one about Georgina
I would have seen I would have liked to
see Georgina in bed with Ronaldo no
Or how Ronaldo goes to bed if with
underwear or pajamas I don't know I find it
hard to believe and if it is true What a sad
life of
course they have a wardrobe but a
docuseries about Jesulín
eh Not only  For Belén
Estebán's part, I want you to tell everything that
happened in Ambiciones. I want you to tell
that in Campanario she
said, I want your mother to leave
Ambiciones. I want you to tell what
the money did, Jesulín's father, those
strawberry fields, those
gas stations, Noia that he had, what he painted, what his
father said he painted, but his
girlfriend. I want you to tell everything,
if not, don't charge so much money for a
school, now, man, by that rule of three,
it's impossible, it's a dream, an imagination,
that's never going to happen. Well, but if
you get into that, well, I don't know, tell it all.
Everyone has a price or there are
characters that no matter what price you
put on them, they wouldn't get into things
like that, half of it, I think Siola Flores
would talk about the
series, bu. Of course, if she told everything
in Quintero, in El Verde, she told everything.
How good, if she did take fragments
from Quintero's book, it seems
so wonderful to me, so wonderful, and why did
Camilo Seo lock himself in the house? My God,
if he could raise his head and see how he didn't And
see how his house is.  how is your
son or daughter I don't know what to call him because
look at me in one of the last shifts a
m it's hard for me sorry it's hard for me to
call him What's his name eh What's his name
Sheila Sheila
weak no shila weak weak that I already know
that I'm
messing with you I mean houses I mean houses what a
Lidia right now you have two
jobs in television that are like
night and day but literally
Because they are two different ways of being
heart You are a morning person in the morning
Spanish television and then in as if we
were that apart from being sálvame well
for me it will always be sálvame even though
now they make them Yes for me it's like like
Oh as I would say in a futuristic way well they
have a little bit less budget
not an elongated hand of sálvame of course
Which one which one goes more with your profile what do
you like more where do you feel more everyone everyone
Yes everyone It's that I think it's like they
told me the other day Belén Esteban could
work in mañaneros It's that I think that
those of us who have worked in  save me but it
's that above all me who has worked in
programs with Alicia senovilla with
Isabel G coneras with such I know how to adapt to
everything eh I know how to have a fight with the
cantudo in a light and I know how to be in
morning shows that I know that it is another profile but
look Lidia you get it from the years of
look Lidia How are people how are people
many people in this profession who
are a little cynical sometimes who associate
a person who sees them funny dancing
chatty putting on a bit of a show
with that they are already a serious or
friable journalist she or he is like they already
associate it with fun and a lack of
credibility not because of you eh I speak to you in
general See you for example an example
a paloma García Pelayo an example
always measured serious very the way of
speaking very such as that people don't
Because a lot of CR credibility and then you see
someone funnier but who is
telling you the same thing with the same source in a
different way Oh you know all those who
have said that because I cry because I dance
because I dress up I have seen them seen  to
everyone except Paloma García eh relative
that I adore because she's very
embarrassed, I mean, I know she does it because she's
very embarrassed but I don't know, I've
seen them all dancing at Christmas
singing on the party program and that's why I
think they're no less journalists,
me to piqueras eh that I tell in the
book I went to to Cibeles I wore a
long skirt and she said to me say piqueras I'm not
going to wear it I say and And that takes away your
credibility piqueras and she wore it on the
program years ago on Antena 3 I think it
doesn't take away your credibility when it comes to
breaking news it doesn't take it away but a
lot of people a lot of people associate it with how
this plan goes well well what it has Look, the
people who say it have a lot of
prejudices yes surely to get laid
with someone they dress like a nurse and it gives you
a bit of a stick because there are
some professionals in the sector
who look down on the platforms Lidia I
mean you're embarrassed for example that
this afternoon program is not even if
we were on
Stream it's that we started like that Javier Yes yes we
started like that and  so since there was
a lot of repercussion it was Ten who
called the producers and said Hey Hey we
want this and now we are the
most watched among I don't know how old I am and
45 the most watched there is no
afternoon program that is more watched among people
up to 45 and us with our two
two and five happy I love
getting in a taxi fate and they keep
telling me oh can you see us I'll see you on Ten my
mother you don't know how happy she is to see you
again it's clear of course but
look Lidia you recently mentioned that
this shook me a little because I
suppose that word has a name
and you mentioned that or if you had passed
by the door of Tele5 that every time you
passed by or when you passed by it seemed to
paralyze you a little no no no I close my
eyes the taxi drivers who take me it could
be a little post traumatic stress like it
has generated some kind of aftereffect
of First of all
the rejection hurts me a lot and secondly you
know why I do it because I think that if
I meet someone at the door
that  I've known you all my life, I jump out
of the
taxi to say hello and the security guards Well,
maybe they wouldn't let me in So
then I do this and nothing happens but
from the road from my house I see
half a set Tele5 and I say but well
always grateful and especially to Basile to the one who
left Villanueva to
Basilea everyone and I know that many
people would love for me to come back
because I know you consider that people
who are now working in the network
have stopped treating you like they did
before after you left
Tele5 that some colleagues have
commented on it due to the fact of being in
Ten in a bit of classism mode because we
also know how this works sometimes
there are people people Look Marina you
know what I'm telling you I did a
presentation of my book I saw that
everyone was there everyone was there
people people said Lidia's party it
wasn't the presentation and
everyone keeps saying how much fun I had at
your party I did it in desire because there are
many exclusives that given throughout
my life I went to Tito I said I want to
present a book here what you
present yes whatever you want is your house You
you know what it's like to see people from Antena 3,
Tele5, the first, Telemadrid, on
the radio, everyone was there, about
150 people. Man, whoever doesn't talk to me
because I'm not on Tele5 anymore, the problem is
theirs. And don't call me for Christmas if you're not
going to say hello to me on the street. That's
your problem, my conscience is
clear. I call whoever I had to
call and that's it. I called Ema García. She
wrote to me, I can't go to Eva Espejo, because I
owe her my life because of the
nurse. Yes, the party director
because she managed to put me in contact
with my brother while he was sick with Covid, who
died. To all those people that I love and
that I will never forget in my life. To Villanueva,
the other day I congratulated him on something and he
answered, there are people from Tele5 and
makeup artists, hairdressers, I don't know. And the thing is that I
have, I would walk through this door and
well, family, in many, many years, do you
think that one day
you will return? I think the question is, would you
like to return? Yes, no, well, it's that he
believes. It depends on you or I think
things have  that to change
and I think that deep down they are quite
sorry I say it like this clearly it has
harmed a lot that saves all the
tabloid press eh There is much less
content there is much less substance, I mean
in the end it is like a
food chain that is
completely harmed watching Tele5 it has always
been the fishing industry biting its tail what
we were talking about was said in ar and then it
would come back and then they would pick it up the one from luz
socialite would come back and they did it in the
afternoon they even became famous, I mean they
created famous reality shows and those
famous people that they created like that of course I
only like me really it is not
arrogance
but when we were low profile
we continued to have a very good audience
Yes better than we have always had
people there who love us and if they see us on
well happy what does it matter if it is to do like this with
the remote control change that's it yes I understand I understand
that you have missed the
support of
colleagues At the time of the new
program no I mean it is very important
when it is also on a
Stream platform then on a smaller television network
that it is known not that it is
mentioned hey that this program exists that
this exists  I understand that you miss
the support not from some colleagues No no
no I swear the people who
love me have always been there Hey Congratulations
on your book Congratulations I've read it
people from all my life, I mean all my
life there was my paloma Barrientos it's that there
were well it's that I mentioned
before that so many people came that
morning people It's that I've been there for a year
everyone was there events current affairs
politics was everyone God from morning people I
mean what do you want me to say how
wonderful how wonderful to come from
a program like sálvame so heavy to a
Spanish television that well it's
getting a little heavy now with
broncano but to come to morning people I
was saying Ugh Lidia And how they received me they did
n't receive me as if to say Look at the one from
sálvame no they didn't receive me saying
[ __ ] eh look at her What a good vibe What about I do
n't know what now if on television you
pass the filter of makeup and
hair you're already home well And
then Let's talk about your tandem with an
artist that I love I admire  I adore and I
can't admire more that it is Ana Guerra, I
mean the tandem Ana Guerra Lidia Lozano, I
never saw it coming, I never saw that
wonderful tandem coming, I mean the tandem.
Sorry I didn't hear you Ana Guerra
Lidia Lozano, I love her, I never saw it
coming, how wonderful, of course nobody,
nobody was watching, it wasn't a reality show, we
were there 14 hours a day,
eh, it was on the Baila con show
and from the first moment we connected, I
think she's
a wonderful wonderful person and And
also from the first moment we
told each other things because we had
hours at meals, this I don't know what, and I
thought she was a wonderful character and the
truth is that we have continued
our relationship, you were the B I tell her I
love it, I feel like reading about Víctor
or Víctor Elías Víctor Elías Víctor Elías
I went to the wedding because I love that a
person I met in January
invited me to her wedding but don't think that she's the
typical girl who throws herself at the money no no no
if I know her I invited her it's because she
loves me and she's going to have me for  For the rest of my
life, all I had to do was see that
reunion when you were in a photocall
the two of us that went viral br out of anger
Because she told me it wasn't going to be in fuchsia I
changed the dress that I had and
everyone was in fuchsia the wedding and I say I can't
believe it but you weren't in the olola
No, not you Ah well I've seen me she touched me with
colate And then I went out with everyone from
Baila como puedes with her dancer and such
and Sofia Cristo with her new girlfriend who
was also a dancer Yes yes how
wonderful how wonderful Javier that he doesn't
take away your protagonist protagonism No name
no but it's constant eh I mean it's
constant I'm used to it I assume and
when Marina is there I go down to the second
here to the second a profile a little bit
lower but raise your hand raise your
hand No no it's that Marina has been with me for
many years Of course but no and what a rant and what a rant and what she
has and what she has
and what she has a tongue of mine of
mine the m Oy Hey Lidia And why now
because of course when  I hear someone
writing their memoirs it seems to me like
farewell I don't know if that's the word eh
Because But what are you saying Look they had
offered it to me a lot of times and
then when it was over save me Well in
save me It's true that it was a place where you
sold everything very well
Jorge Javier's book Jorge Javier's second book
Carlota's book Paz Padilla's book
everything was selling very well so when I
got to the meeting I said now that it's
over save me and they told me Now more
than ever I've told you Javi before I've
told you before of course and I say let's see
but what's the book about your
professional life? I said praise the Lord and
then I said my God eh Because muro my
mana
José muro yes José muro well he's still the same as he's always been with the same one
all his life he's been
with the same one all his life that he's been
carrying on a lot of
people called me a little crazy no
because I didn't have a job it was over
save me he told me Alidia you're a little
crazy and then he said oh the book is
good from 4 to 8  4 to 7 I'm going to
sit down and write every day and the
truth is you know what motivated me the most well it
depressed me a little
like I had everything saved the
articles and such what I
charged how how Or do I mean it demotivates you
compared to now my God no but it
says the book no no not that we went it says
the book for work in general I was already
starting to see the articles the
flowers ratio swear Oh and I started to
find invoices from the time long
before of course it was a lot good good good good you
can you can talk let's see not
about concrete figures but not about I like to
talk about money percentages but let's see
what I charged for example for
making a pink sauce for the as a
collaborator
no if I know more or less I can
know more or less I can know and now I
charge well to pay for a Netflix I don't
know I know I don't but let's not talk
about Let's see when they told me to enter
and that we went
eh I didn't do it for money I did it
for but it's different
because you have to row a little
when things are just starting no no
no no no no terel one came with
us but it's that terel one but it was it's the
same he went to Fridays where they
pay him a fortune what I earned in
those
times there it doesn't bother me because
the people who owe I mean the people who have
given you 14 years that I haven't done only
salt done the light I've made the dinners I've done
half a Fest I've done the Fashion
week done polygraphs I've done everything
the people who have given me work if
at some point they are associated because they have
removed you from a chain you have to be
with them I went for money and they
gave me [ __ ] Well for that to
pay eh eh the light the phone and a
platform but it is what it is what I
'm telling you that terelu has not rowed
like you have rowed that at the
beginning the salary but that really
I say no no no that is normal there
are no people who do not do it according to and
she told me live totally
totally and that's it and that's it she
wanted money well go where you are but I
also
tell you with terelu you have like eh the  typical
family member who has failed you
The total black sheep Yeah, it seems like she has
failed you, she has done the ugly to the family and
has left the family man of I don't know, you
don't pick up the phone when they call you
for a new project Marina, I don't see you
but because she wanted what she wanted, you didn't want it, well that's it, well it turned out well, well,
great, well that's it, they did
n't put her as a presenter with
María Patiño Well, I'm very sorry but
there she is and you see her happy, well, I don't
but the thing is that I have never seen her
happy and when I have worked with her I have never
seen her, I have not seen her cont It's that I do
n't want to talk about having it It's that I
pass on having it, it's that I don't know but if it's
even that
Yesterday I saw her like very pissed off with
Carlos I already came back from dinner I put it on and I
said uh I had a drink because the
same thing she does when
horror I can't go to bed with this bad
vibes well you were colleagues, I
mean but also in the morning Yes very
well but well she ignored me we
went to Netflix she always ignored
me but what I told her on Netflix I'm not going to
repeat myself but I don't
think it's nice when someone calls you and
tells you off that they might have gotten together
what matters to you is money I don't know
Blow the whistle Do it for two months and you'll
leave you know Hey look this came out to me
but not to me I don't like those people I
think that people who have eaten
at a given moment when they're overwhelmed you
have to be by their side you
consider that she is one of the
people who has behaved the worst with
you well in these years I suppose
not that there will be Uy no no okay okay okay no let's
see Terelu is not a close friend of mine I
love me and as close friends we
understand each other no no no no no no no the one who has
hurt you the most I think I know who it
is
but it's no wonder Yes but I'm going to
tell you one thing eh Carmen Alcaide is
someone that I will always love anyway
but oh well oh she hit you another day
an uncle of hers died in Dana and the one
of eh And I sent her a message and  I told her I was
so sorry if I didn't
drop the Rings then I'd hit you I'd meet her
on the street and give her two kisses it
hurt me it hurt but time goes by I
really won't call her to be
clear I'm telling you but
if I do run into her I'll have a beer with
her and that's it and we won't laugh about the
happy times and that's it but look
when I asked you the
person who hurt you the most I thought you were going to
say no it's not like I
want to name him but I thought you were going to
say Albanian I mean I thought we were going to go
back to those times No I wasn't
sure it was Carmen or Jimmy because with
Jimmy too who was very good friends with
Charlie there was also a bathroom it hurt me And
then what they did to me Well I
can forgive him but with a person as
good as Charlie he didn't deserve it no
now Because they were close friends then
Well he did it for but he denies it of course you
always
mention neg Nothing clear he denied it he
denied it but what I wrote is there and that's it
and when I went to the light Well  I
preferred not to charge, go out to eat with my friends, have
dinner with my friends and with a chal and that's it,
I didn't even see it eh But well, these
things happen and that's it Look,
when Jimmy died I had a terrible time because it
was live, it's not like we were there and I didn't
get any tears because I was saying,
my God, my book hasn't come out and and and you'll
see that I talk about Jimmy and I spent
the whole afternoon feeling really bad, I even
felt bad but for talking about her but
I was at the printers what was I going to do Ah
because it was just about to come out it was going to seem like I was
taking advantage, I mean, to see part of No, it
was already at the printers nobody had
read the book and when he died I say,
my God, my life, it gives you the creeps, it gives you the creeps to
talk in a book about someone with whom you've
shared so many things in your life
who was a close friend of Charlie and for him to
die when the book hasn't come out
So no, no, that people would say Look,
taking advantage, he's dead, no, no, no, it
was already delivered since July and it came out in
October when I'm on the second edition
that I'm Hey, the cover is loaded Eh
Eh simple  Hey laada It's magic it's very
cool it's very cool but a painting that they
gave me last year on my birthday
last year and my life is reflected in it it's
me bail it's barri Cool it's it's it's
cut off because it didn't fit but it's
also
uh Tina tarner there's my brother Well there's
my brother who had never
published a photo of him with me he was my
teacher Yes he was my teacher yours Hey
but then you guys have like a lot of
relationship no And how was it he was wonderful I
loved it you see it made me very sad when
Well I mean not next to you
obviously not but yes yes yes yes yes and
also never Yes yes yes he always said he
always said that you shouldn't dedicate yourself
to the press of the heart it's coca cola
because Kiko says that I drink when I
work Hey and Kiko Kiko wh What's the most I
mean within the book that you obviously
have also gone through
emotional stages not ups and downs because
remembering is also opening up Ah I mean it's
Eh no during the book I cried a
lot I laughed a lot but the
henia chapter and then let's see save me there are people
who  He tells me that I have eh
Stockholm syndrome but I think that Salvame has
been my co Lauden in a career I think
that what we know, those of us who have been
on Salvame, half of television don't know,
nobody is true, moving around a set
for me is like going barefoot Even if I wear high
heels Eh that's been my Lauden and we've
learned a lot, we've learned to
do an acting job in a moment, going to the
bathroom and there's a camera and And
now I see little movement on TV it
's more static, more more more linear, more
crossing your leg and looking at each other and there's no emotion, there's
emotion there, um, I do but Lidia
but regarding the deeno, it has come back to you
knowing that it's an issue that one
way or another never ends up going away in your
life or because they haven't given you for whatever reason,
by the way, a couple of years ago or
three because with Albano I
always had a good relationship, he was one of those who
spoke with him and then he published it
because he had access to him And such But yes,
I noticed an Albano, look how more at the
end Time passes, he continues with
his thoughts and such, I don't know  because I have not been
able to read the entire book
the space that you give to that subject in
the book because it has been a part of you it has
hurt you a lot I felt everything that I
felt for that reason for that and I
Allow me Marina but I already
or rather I said that writing the
chapter in the book already closed a
part of my
life if what I read it
I saw the day before yesterday in the
afternoon that they were talking with Albano that the day
before yesterday it would have been 52 years in
silence and such I saw it
but I no longer felt that of a
final morning when they give so much blows with the
same always always cl I understand the
family I understand what Romina was saying I
understand everything and I have already asked for forgiveness many times
and now it is clear that I do not understand
why someone because we all make
mistakes obviously whatever it is that
you explained was a mistake But why does
this matter haunt someone for so many years in a way that makes them
suffer If it does not let him go ahead What I criticize
Albano for is that every time there is
news about his
missing daughter it is not
goal with the journalist who publishes it if he doesn't end up naming him he talks about me again then I say man, already already already already your source never to all the television dishes already already and that's it, it weighs more it's like it weighs more or it always puts more emphasis on an error than on all the 800
good things that you do throughout your
career not in the media world well let's
see mine was very strong and very heavy at the
time Yes but I cz that sat next
to someone in the light and said you
shut up you screwed up with the
millennium against you already but I arrived
Look the first time it affects you the second
okay the third is you have nothing to
say against me And then Well then I
passed already guys I'm going to stay like
Ángel garó 14 hours we have abused you
a little have you seen that I have seen the
interview because I am a professional
Hey infinit how long have we been here Marina
knows I have to yes yes yes yes yes yes
for God we have entertained you
sorry no no I'm delighted but I can't
stay here to live like with Ángel
garo  you were there for two hours but it left
you wanting well What a good professional and I say let's
see if I'm going to stay here Marina
knows that I have to
go alone falt here you have your house and the
doors open so you can come back whenever you
want people where can they buy the
book Oh everywhere they told me
that it was finishing at El Corte Inglés
in all bookstores all over and online also
on Amazon and yours
Amazon We will be
putting in the pinned comment it's
great to
give away what Javi you
froze I
froze no no what I'm saying that I will be
putting in the pinned comment a
link so that people can buy the book
Oh thank you so much guys Hey it's
been a pleasure I say the same
thank you so much
lumbral Thank you so much for being
here Lidia from the heart because she is so
generous and such an interview
Thank you so much but that's Marina that I Toa go
Well can you believe it can you believe
that it is I was wrong and I haven't
recorded it what a blunder Oh I love it you
haven't recorded it Well but we can
comment on it no Marina I mean we can tell me tell me
what the [ __ ] let's see  we can I
remember more or less what we
talked about just kidding just kidding but it's a joke
but it's a joke but it's not something impossible
for me eh Lidia it could it could happen it could happen
but I loved your
reaction no but you were going to say
this [ __ ] had me here for 2
hours to not record it now I mean I
was getting a tachycardia because
I have to go to my mother's house and do
n't worry hey Thank you so much Lidia
Thank you so much here you
have me I know you don't have social media or anything
But for whatever you need Here is
your house Lozano fans of we know Lozano
fans are also wonderful fans
how cool how cool wonderful a
huge kiss we'll leave you to go that it goes
great with the book and with everything Lidia that we
go for the fourth the fifth edition
and thank you very much and a huge kiss in
the third you call me again come on I'll
take your word careful I'll take your
word careful but but live
so you don't play this
joke on me a kiss a kiss a kiss bye to
all your how do you say listeners not
streaming like Yes yes  yes audience
follower stay [ __ ] great Goodbye
goodbye heart